what's up everyone crap gamer here with
you as always i'm doing this video
because i wanted to talk a little bit
about microsoft's new PR kind of
campaign they're doing a new ad campaign
or public relations campaign and i feel
like it's a really good step in the
right direction for them they have the
little montage kind of what you're
watching now it's shown off a lot of the
exclusives and the games that are coming
to xbox one this year and they're making
it a point to point out to people that
hey we're getting all these exclusives
we have the most exclusives this year we
have all these third-party games coming
to our platform as well we have 300,000
servers you know we have the best online
community these are things that
Microsoft should have been pushing from
the beginning in my opinion it's gotten
to the point where you know last
generation everybody talked about
exclusives and this generation is a
little bit weird as there doesn't seem
to be as many and so you know like if
you look at what Sony's kind of doing
there more or less investing money in
time content and things like this it's
almost to the point where Microsoft had
to show third-party games you know they
have to let people know hey these games
look good on our console they're going
to play good on our console if they have
an online aspect it's going to be better
on our console and I just like the new
slogan it's more fun on Xbox one you
know I think that they're doing a great
job of recovering from last year and
previous administrations mistakes as it
were i think phil spencer is doing a
good job of putting the industry and
media and competition on notice that
microsoft and xbox brand is about games
first and foremost i don't think that
these other companies are going to get
passes by showing
or talking about media and movies and
things like that in the future I think
that this pasty 3 was a little bit of a
aberration because you know people were
expecting Microsoft to talk about the
apps and entertainment movies and TV and
stuff like that and it wasn't them and I
think that that sense a media scrambling
and I've actually seen a little bit of
backlash towards some of these media
outlets because they didn't call sony on
the exact thing that they called
microsoft on the year before so at the
end of the day I don't know I just like
that Microsoft is being aggressive here
it's a really good thing for for them to
do I like that they're showing a focus
not on just big triple-a titles but you
know they're showing the you know
they're also pointing out that hey we
get you know evolved and won all these
awards at e3 and we're getting the the
beta we're getting dlc first we're
getting this first you know I'm saying
you have to put these reasons out there
to get the games on your console like
the division Xbox is getting all the
content first dragon age is getting
content first you know call a duty
content first so you know you have to do
that in order to promote your product
and I really like the the xbox live gold
membership commercial as well which
you're seeing a bit of as well in this
video and you know you have to promote
these things you know not everybody is
privy to you know being on the internet
or knowing what's going on you know let
people know hey we got these servers we
have smart match you know we match you
up against people of your skill level if
they're jerks you won't get matched up
against you know there's no waiting you
know it's dedicated servers we got all
this stuff I love what they're doing but
let me know if you guys like what
they're doing do you like these
commercials do you think they're
effective let me know in the comments
section and as always thanks for
watching please remember to comment rate
subscribe and rekha muff guys crap gamer